during his 10 years in prison Jack
Deeb's created his own world it made him
very successful Jack Deeb's the creator
cool world right can't believe this now
he thinks he's going home to the real
world but he's wrong real wrong world
please I'm a cartoonist I'd rule this
place is this with or without you hello
Walter here babe come on get away I'm
out of here you darling
Nords do not have sex with doodles it's
the oldest law and cool world if that
happens you call me I got it boss
Sonne dream and told your pets
follow the rules
trip to the other side Buster this is
gonna be the biggest disaster the cool
world has ever seen
you look good in the flesh it's almost a
shame I gotta take you back just wanna
be real you gotta slow down
not on your life
place should be erased hey it's a living
world we may not be real for you yet but
we will be